You can weld ingots! There's no weld button - shift-right-click on the anvil with hammer in hand.
Tough TFC grass can break stuff when it grows. 
Crops and fruit trees are very particular about growing conditions.
Stay hydrated. Stay well fed.
Alternate paper making recipes exist...
Alternate sugar making recipes exist...
There are hint rocks for the minerals that don't have surface ores...
Vein Info tab in JEI is key to knowing where to find ores...
Horsepower devices do not require a familiarized animal...
You can use ice or snow blocks in your inventory to stay cool...
Placing a ladder on every second block works perfectly fine...
Don't eat the horse that powers your horse grindstone...
Horses require a halter to ride. Check JEI...
Bugs are free with every purchase...
Direwolves are not friendlier versions of TFC Wolves...
Sneak right-click full ingot molds to unmold...
Powderkegs pack boom into one block with 100% drops... Go find that sulfur.
Mature dead crops yield the most seeds...
Pigvil sometimes shows up for metal carrots, but he needs to like you first...
Chisel needs a hammer in the off-hand...
Prospector's Pick scans 12 blocks in every direction...
You need at least a black steel pick or equivalent to mine obsidian and go to the Nether...
Increase your prospecting skill by clicking on ore separated more than 13 blocks apart!
Panning for gold and silver nuggets is a legitimate path to early bronze...
Hiking Boots let you move through grass without slowdown...
Few crops grow over 400 or under 100 rainfall...
Remove the attachment from a firepit with sneak right click, but not while it's hot...
Making a server? Set "level-type=tfc_classic" in server.properties.
Anthracite is the best source of fuel in the game...
There are now more than 70 tree species. Collect them all!
Big groundcover rocks are scattered around the surface. Some may even contain ores...
There are now multiple ways to obtain fire clay...
Four types of clay in total! What!?
Ruins can hold great treasure. Can you find them?
There are plenty of new edible plants in the wild...
Beware, some wild mushrooms can be very deadly...
Resin can be found on the sides of trees...
Halberds have a longer reach and higher damage, but are significantly slower to swing.
Red and Blue Steel are no-longer the best tool materials...
Loading screen music made by Lo-Phi (Hayden Davenport) for Vintage Story!
You can join our public server by pressing the title in the main menu!
Snails and worms can be found by turning over rocks...
Pineapples can be used to make plant-based leather...
Lots of new plants can be substituted for jute...
Graphite and kaolinite aren't the only minerals that can make fire clay anymore...
Remember to enable the included resource packs!
The included resource packs increases the world immersion! Enable them!
Handle hot items with great care!
Use mittens, two sticks, tongs or other protection when handling hot materials!
Holding a walking stick will increase your movement speed...
Hiking Boots combined with a walking stick is a great setup...
Enable the "TFC Florae Lite" Resource Pack for significantly decreased ram usage!